server-acl-init: Create global ACL auth method for API Gateway in secondary dc (#1481)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: CHANGELOG.md

## UNRELEASED

BUG FIXES:
* Control plane

>   * Create global ACL auth method for API Gateway in secondary datacenter [[GH-1481](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1481)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Use global ACL auth method to provision ACL tokens for API Gateway in secondary datacenter [[GH-1481](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1481)]
```
